Hi guys, Korean Movie Recapped here. Before
we start, WARNING! Spoilers Ahead! Today,
I’m going to recap a 2020 Korean
Thriller-Drama movie called Alive.
A grisly virus ravages the whole city while a lone
man locks himself inside his apartment to survive
the zombie-like infected victim army lurking
outside. Digitally cut off from seeking help,
he desperately tries to find another way out.
How long will he be able to survive alone?
The story starts with Jun-woo, who is a gamer
and streamer, alone at home. He just wakes up
and finds that his father, mother, and sister
have left the apartment for their daily activity.
He starts his gaming session until his friends
tell him to immediately turn on the TV.
He turns on the TV to find out that every news on
tv is covering a strange disease that is currently
rapidly spreading across the country. Suddenly, an
emergency alert starts going off from his phone.
He looks outside from his balcony
and sees a pandemonium breaking out.
The zombie-like disease causes infected people
to bite and eat uninfected people nearby, thereby
infecting them. People are running away in panic
and fear, turning the city into a complete chaos.
Jun-woo hears a loud noise from his
door and foolishly opens the door.
A strange man comes rushing in and tells
him that he is his neighbor from unit 403.
Jun-woo, sensing something wrong, tries to get
him out of the apartment, but the man pleads to
let him use the toilet. While the man is inside
the toilet, he sees the news talking about the
symptoms and the cannibalistic tendencies of the
infected. When the man comes out of the toilet,
Jun-woo immediately grabs a knife. The man tries
to convince him that he is uninfected and pleads
to him to let him stay inside the apartment.
But suddenly, he bleeds from his eyes and turns
hostile. Jun-woo barely manages to get him
out of his apartment to avoid getting eaten.
He quickly tries to assess the situation
and uses the fridge to barricade the door.
He then tries to contact his family
but fails. When he eventually receives
a message from his mother assuring him of
their safety and urging him to stay home,
he calms down a little. He realizes that
he will be stuck inside the apartment for
a while so he starts rationing supplies, but
it’s hard as they were little, to begin with.
On the next day, he wakes up to find
out that the situation hasn’t changed.
He is still unable to contact his family.
He finds out that the internet is filled
with survivors posting about their condition
and putting up their addresses in hope that
the rescue team will come to them,
so Jun-woo puts up his own post.
The tech-savvy Jun-woo decides to attach his phone
to a drone to survey his surrounding area. He gets
to see that most, if not all the occupants of the
apartment complex he lives in are now zombies.
At a certain height, his phone gets a
signal service and he once again tries
to call his family. But he stops the operation
once he notices that the drone battery is low.
Feeling frustrated he decides to just game
it out, but soon the internet connection
is also down. Having nothing else
to do, he decides to go to bed.
He wakes up to a loud noise and looks outside
only to see a policewoman trying to run away
from his infected colleague. In yet another
foolish move, Jun-woo attempts to scare off the
zombies from hundreds of meters away by yelling
at them as the policewoman is being torn to bits.
Instead of saving the policewoman, it attracts
the attention of a zombie close to his apartment.
The zombie manages to break into his apartment by
pushing open the door alongside the refrigerator.
He barely manages to survive by tricking
the zombie to jump out the window.
He is unharmed but the foolish encounter
with the zombie has further reduced his
food supply as the food inside the
fridge falls all over the floor.
He fixes the door and records another
video of himself to lift up his spirit.
On the next morning, he doesn’t have any choice
besides having breakfast with his father’s liquor.
Learning from his past mistakes, he seals
the entire balcony. He watches a ramen
noodle commercial on the TV and can’t help but
eat his last stock of food. While eating the
last noodles in the house, he accidentally knocks
over the last bottle of water. He soon finds out
that the tap water also stops running, making
him licks the spilled water from the table.
It has been 15 days since he locked
himself inside the apartment now.
Deprived of social interaction and the constant
consumption of alcohol as his only last supply,
making him hallucinate reuniting with his family.
He becomes emotional and curls up on the floor.
He wakes up to a call that turns out to be his
mother, but the signal is so bad he barely hears
a thing. He stands on the edge of his balcony
to get a better signal and hears that something
is not quite right with his family. Feeling
frustrated, he breaks things in his apartment
and goes outside to take out his anger on the
zombies. This foolish act soon bites back as
he is nearly swamped in a horde of zombies. He
barely manages to get back inside his apartment
but he has lost all his spirit. He decides to take
his own life before the zombies can get to him.
As Jun-woo dangles from a cable he tied around
his neck, a laser beam suddenly projects from
the apartment building across the street. He
sees a lady in an apartment across the street
and immediately waves excitedly to her. She waves
back and gestures to him to contact her again at 7
A.M. tomorrow. Now that he finds another survivor,
he gains back his will to live. Unlike Jun-woo,
the lady seems very organized and has modified
her apartment into booby traps for zombies.
On the next morning, Jun-woo overslept and
woke up at 11 A.M.. He gestures his apology
and writes his name on the phone. The lady
reciprocates and introduces herself as Yoo-bin.
After communicating for a while, Yoo-bin hears a
noise from her door. She tells Jun-woo to contact
her again at 7 A.M. tomorrow. As she tries to
look for the source of the noise, she finds
her traps had trapped a zombie that made its way
into her house, she proceeds to axe its head off.
On the next morning at the agreed-upon time,
Yoo-bin tries to pass food over to Jun-woo
after seeing him starving. She attaches a rope to
a baseball and throws it across, but it fails to
reach his apartment and falls in the middle of
the street. Jun-woo then uses his drone to pass
a rope to Yoo-bin. Using that rope bridge, Yoo-bin
passes a container of snacks and a bottle of water
to him. As he gestures his gratitude to Yoo-bin,
he notices that the ball with the rope that failed
to make it across seems to have become a ladder
for one of the zombies to climb up to Yoo-bin’s
apartment. Jun-woo immediately gestures this
to her but she can’t react fast enough and
gets hit by the table where she tied the rope.
He uses his drone to distract the zombie. The
zombie manages to destroy the drone but it gives
Yoo-bin enough time to axe off the hand of the
zombie causing him to fall down. She survives
with a minor bruise on her stomach. She then
tidies up her apartment and reads Jun-woo’s
message across the street, motivating her.
Running low on supplies, Jun-woo decides to
go to the other apartment unit to scavenge
for leftover supplies. He manages to get some
food and two walkie-talkies before he flees
back to his apartment. That night, he feast on
those sweet loots that he managed to gather.
He sends back the container Yoo-bin gave
him with some food and the walkie-talkie.
With the walkie-talkie, they can finally truly
communicate. Jun-woo feels excited as they talk
more. He is able to thank Yoo-bin for saving
him when he decided to take his own life.
But unknown to him, Yoo-bin also tried to do it
as well before. To celebrate this minor victory,
they eat ramen noodles together as they
talk to get to know each other more.
While they talk, Jun-woo tells
Yoo-bin to bring out basins to
collect rainwater as he can hear heavy
sounds outside and thinks that it’s raining.
They look out the balcony, but it’s not
raining. Instead, they see a multitude
of zombie hordes running into both apartment
complexes simultaneously for an unknown reason.
They both lie low and try to stay silent but
Yoo-bin accidentally knocks over a shelf in her
apartment. She knows that her apartment will soon
be swamped with hordes of zombies, so she tells
Jun-woo that she will leave her apartment
and head to the 8th floor of his apartment
building which she noticed is empty. They both
agree to go up together and prepare themself.
Yoo-bin jumps down her balcony with a rope,
like a badass lass she is, and maneuvers
herself between zombies. On the way, she picks up
a gun that was dropped by the policewoman before.
Jun-woo runs out to help her and they
both barely miss being surrounded by
hordes of zombies as they enter the elevator
to get to the 8th floor. As expected before,
the 8th floor is completely empty so they
try to get into one of the apartment units.
But the calm only lasts for a moment as suddenly
a zombie appears followed by a horde of zombies.
A mysterious man suddenly appears just before they
get eaten and pulls them inside his apartment.
At first, they were wary of the mysterious
man. But over time, they are overjoyed as the
man offers them food from his seemingly abundant
supplies. They finally can relax for a while. This
blessing is short-lived as they soon discover
that their food has been laced with drugs.
The man is planning to offer them as a meal to
his wife that has been turned into a zombie.
Yoo-bin wakes up zip-tied and locked
inside a room with the zombie wife.
Jun-woo awakes and struggles to hold the rope that
holds the zombie wife. The room suddenly becomes
quiet so the man unlocks the door. Suddenly the
wife zombie charges at the man and bites him.
The man willingly lets her eat him as he
loves his wife and doesn’t want her to starve.
Yoo-bin fires the gun at both of them to end their
suffering, but this only draws the attention of
more zombies. Seeing no way out, they decide to
shoot themselves before the zombies get to them.
Just before they pull the trigger, they
hear the rescue helicopter flying nearby.
With hope rekindled in them, they struggle to
make it to the rooftop, only to find out that
the helicopter is no longer in sight. The zombies
follow them to the rooftop as well and they
gradually creep closer and closer. They run out of
bullets as they stand on the edge of the building.
Just when they are about to be swamped by the
zombie horde, the rescue helicopter appears
behind them and shoots at the zombies
while pulling them inside to safety.
Inside the helicopter, Jun-woo is
finally able to get signal service
and receive a message from his family,
telling him that they are okay. They
finally can breathe the wind peacefully
as they fly away to safety together.
Subscribe to watch more videos like this,
turn on notifications, and leave a like
and comment to help the channel out. Thank
you for watching, and see you, next time.